[docs] Run Grammarly on docs (#2187)
statelyai/xstate: docs/guides/guards.md

When an `in`-state guard is present with other `cond` guards in the same transition, _all_ guards must evaluate to `true` for the transition to be taken.

::: tip

> Using "`in`-state" guards is usually a sign that the machine can be refactored in a way that makes their usage unnecessary. Prefer avoiding "`in`-state" guards when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `in` state guards is usually a sign that the machine can be refactored in a way that makes their usage unnecessary. Avoid `in` state guards when possible.
```
